## Aragon Community Meeting 09 Agenda

###### Meeting Date: March 2nd, 5pm CEST
### [Meeting video]()

#### Participants
- @luisivan
- @Smokyish, facilitator
- @izqui
- @mariapao
- @bpierre
- @lkngtn
- @onbjerg
- @john-light
- @sohkai
- @alexarwr

#### Agenda
- Discussion about the issues in the write-ups by team members
- Recent updates on the Project by @izqui
- Recent updates on the Community by @john-light
- AMA, Ask Me Anything, team answers [questions by the community]()
- Closing meeting

#### Write-Ups
> Team members will produce a write-up of the most important things they have worked on since last Community Meeting, the problems they have found and what they plan to do in the next weeks (that can be a bit blurry, and that's fine). These write-ups will be published as a blog post for the community to review on Monday before Friday's meeting.

- [Alexa - Operations Assistant]()
- [Brett - EVM/Solidity/\*]()
- [John - Community Lead]()
- [Jorge - Tech Lead]()
- [Luis - Project Lead]()
- [Luke - Research Lead]()
- [Maria - Head of Strategy and Operations]()
- [Oliver - Glue]()
- [Pierre - Frontend Developer]()
- [Tatu - Communications Lead]()
