
# All Aragon Devs #36 (Notes)
Call #36: November 25th, 2019 8am PST / 11am EST / 3pm UTC / 5pm CEST

- [Audio/video of the meeting](https://youtu.be/zhRq51QjhuI)
- [See notes](#notes)

### Agenda
* Appoint note takers
* Introduce team members who havenâ€™t already met each other (~0-5min)
* Updates from the last call and current priorities
    * Aragon One (~5min)
    * Autark (~5min)
    * Open Work Labs (~2min)
    * Aragon Mesh (~5min)
    * Aragon Black (~5min)
    * Association (~2min)
* Topics


### Notes

#### Introductions


### Updates

#### Aragon One
- Not in attendance (Offsite)


#### Autark
Last cycle
- Support and maintenance for feature adds in OE:
    - Started integrating deep linkin
    - Wrapped up contract work for alternative 2 token template
        - can have multiple tokens for reputation
    - Allocations - ability to edits
    - Enhancing the bounty process
    - Made some good progress with end-to-end testing
- Small work on gas price API, brett helped get it through

Next
* Improve onboarding UX: Enhance how the [onboarding UI conveys that a transaction is in progress](https://github.com/AutarkLabs/aragon/issues/29) and add help references to mitigate failures.
* Security audit was completed for an experimental Token Manager that supports quasi-transferable tokens: we made changes and it was re-reviewed and given the green light. We plan to do some final testing and then publish to `hatch.aragonpm.eth`. We will use this token for our Autark community DAO.
* True up our [Home app](https://github.com/AutarkLabs/aragon-home/blob/master/docs/GETTING_STARTED.md) to be in line with the aragonDS, and release it to mainnet as the "About app". This will allow organizations to start using the features, even if it's not part of the client yet - as that will take longer to get out the door, due to the storage strategy not being finalized (requires more discussion and planning with Aragon One).
* Architecture for Organization Insights initiative
* Architecture for a decentralized projects app that allows creating projects and issues without needing Github
* Radspec helpers for grabbing a date based on block number (historic or estimate) and for json files stored on IPFS (hadn't started yet)


#### Open Work Labs
Last cycle & next cycle:
- Creating a version of OE that includes features OWL has been working on which includes Profiles, Contextual discussions and some other features
- To be realised near the end of 2020 on rinkeby

#### Aragon Mesh
- Created AGP, the team includes daniel, dapplion, mathew
- Looking to release a new version of the cli in a week or two, first phase of the refactor which will be much more stable and reliable
- Extracting all logic from the cli into and sdk - aiming for test coverage of close to 100%.

#### Aragon Black
- Not in attendance

#### Aragon Association
- Taking a look at revising the Security process (ANSP-43). New AGP created.
    - For operational & legal reasons thinking of revising this. Want teams to be more independent as the network scales. The alternative is that the AA is in charge of compiling a list of partners and negotiating deals, and then teams who have been funded via the treasury will take ownership of the contract between the partner. Need to account for teams that haven't planned for security audit costs in previously approved AGPs.
- People: Joe joined a few weeks ago. Burrrata officially joined the assocation as well. Nobody knows his name still!
- Nest DAO: just voted on the first investment as a DAO. Experimenting with the working group




### Discussions
#### Turn All Devs call into a Working Group [Louis]
- See: https://hackmd.io/@lg/SywBG_tnH
  - What has All Devs been created for?
  - What do we use All Devs for today?
  - How should it be moving forward?

- Started by going to wiki to see what the purpose of the All Devs is. The goal was that people should join if they have proposed agenda topics. tl;dr: status updates
- Compiled list of previously discussed topics on the call: Storage+IPFS, aragon.js preview process?, Aragon client development pipeline, APM Registries, xDAI, MD editor in aragonUI, etc.

- merge with SDK WG
- Have someone work part-time (?) to follow up on action items

- Initially it was to communicate critical changes, which became easier to communicate through other means
- Updates are more efficiently communicated through writing rather than speaking
- Brainstorming usually becomes inneficient for large groups 10+ people
- Working Groups might lose their effectiveness when they become large
- Maybe we should discuss this topic in the next meeting, given the low participation

- Take out updates and let the call focus on discussions around documentation

- Some updates are their to make us accountable, some other are informational
- Make the calls interesting again!!

#### 2 token template
- We want more flexibility for the users
- Is the template UI going to remain the same for the next 6months?
- Yes should remain the same in the next 6 months become allowing for more flexibility is hard
- Flexibility is hard contract side, but the frontend can be played with!


### Attendance

Aragon Black:

Aragon Mesh: Daniel

Aragon One:

Autark: Yalda Mousavinia, Arthur Lunn, Chad Ostrowski, Kevin Siegler, Radek

Open Work Labs: Jon

Aragon Association: Louis

Community:

### License
This template is modified from the Ethereum All Core Devs call notes template and inherits the same CC-BY-SA 3.0 License.
